[color=#ff0000]YOU MUST BE AT LEAST 16 YEARS OF AGE TO PLAY ON OUR SERVER. ANY USERS SUSPECTED OF BEING UNDER 17 YEARS OF AGE WILL BE BANNED UNTIL THEY ARE OF AGE.[/color]

[color=#ff0000]DISCONNECTING FROM OR IGNORING/EVADING ADMIN-HELPS WILL RESULT IN AN APPEAL ONLY BAN.[/color]

[color=#ff0000]THE USAGE OF ANY THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS/SCRIPTS/CLIENT MODIFICATIONS TO GAIN AN ADVANTAGE, AVOID INTENDED GAME/SERVER MECHANICS, OR TO HARM SERVER INFRASTRUCTURE IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED. ANY AND ALL INSTANCES OF THIS WILL BE MET WITH AN APPEAL-ONLY BAN.[/color]

[color=#ffff00]Our server is a Medium Roleplay one. Try to immerse yourself into your character. This includes doing your job, interacting with your fellow crewmates, and using roleplay as the primary vessel to play the game. MRP places less emphasis on “winning” and more on just telling a story.[/color]

If you have any questions about these rules, please use the admin help (ahelp) menu by hitting F1 in-game or clicking the “Ahelp” button in the lobby.

1. Being an asshole.
The main rule of any role-playing game is not to interfere with other players . We are all here just to play interesting rounds: don’t break anyone’s game, and they won’t break it for you.

Examples:

The captain recalls the shuttle within 3 hours, with 80% of the crew dead from a deadly virus and a singularity rife upon arrival.
Captain throwing the nuclear disk in space because he knows that nukies can't win without it.
Playing in "catch me" with the administration. The player is so tired of playing SS14 that he is now playing on the admins’ nerves, systematically and demonstrably violating the rules in small ways, followed by attempts to prove in AHelp, OOC and discord that he did not break anything.

2. Grief
Depriving a player of the ability to play the game without in-game reasons.

In a role-playing game, characters can kill each other in cases where they have reasons for their actions . When you kill another player for some non-game reason, it is considered as grief. Completely isolating a character for an extended period of time with no way to escape is also considered a grief.

Examples of in-game situations that are not considered as grief:

Any antagonist role can kill/isolate people in order to complete their tasks. But the mere fact of receiving a role does not give the right to kill anyone he meets.
Arrest/execution according to coalition law or the new order.
Murder due to a drunken fight/conflict between characters. The situation must be developed well enough for the character's motivation to be visible. Simple murders for the reason “I got drunk” won’t work.
Any character can kill anyone in order to save his life (if he is not a coward and his character, in general, allows him to do this). For example, if the Security Service opened fire on you with a lethal weapon, you can return fire and even kill someone there.
And so on. For any murder and any long-term isolation, there must be sufficient motivation for your character , taking into account the situation at the station and the nature of your character. If your character has enough motivation to kill another character, he does NOT always need an antagonist role to do so.

3. Non-RP actions
In any situation, you must act based on the specific situation and characteristics of your character. Any action you take in the game must be justified from the character's point of view.

Metagame is the manifestation of any knowledge and skills that do not correspond to your character. For example:
The player, based on indirect out-of-game signs, calculates the mode and begins to prepare for the invasion of the antagonists in advance.
Security officer arrested the man and took him for search because he knows that this player steals the baton from the post in every round.

Powergame , within our server, is ignoring the character’s pain and fear. Don't try to ignore torture or kick ass at people who point guns at you. Also remember that your character is an ordinary person and he will not be able, for example, without straining, to lift and drag two or more people along with him at once.

Munchkinism - there are a lot of useful things in the game, but you shouldn’t collect everything that doesn’t fit well and carry it on yourself. Moreover, you should not do this when your character begins to feel physical difficulties. If you run around the outpost in hard separatist's costume, body armor, a gas mask and with five guns without sufficient justification and role-playing, then you not only risk getting hurt in an accident by tripping over a tile, but also getting banned for going out of character.

Other examples of leaving a role:

You track down another player and try to perform certain actions with his character based on your Out-Of-Character motivation.

Not suitable for your position. Don't pick up a role if you don't already understand the game mechanics enough. In example, you need to understand the laws when playing as security.

Imposing emotions and impressions on other characters through emotes and flavor. They should only contain a description of what other characters can see - let their players decide for themselves what conclusions to draw from this. Also, you should not use links to pictures/videos/music in flavors - only a text description of your character’s appearance.

Leaving the game at the wrong time. When you leave, your character falls asleep. If you often leave the game at inopportune moments, when your character does not have the opportunity to lie down and fall asleep, then you risk getting banned. The same goes for when you simply press the Sleep button to ignore what is happening around you, or simply leave the character AFK. Examples:
 The player left the game as soon as he was handcuffed.
 The player pressed the Sleep button during torture.
 During the attack on the character, the player began to write angry messages in AHelp, OOC or LOOC, leaving the character without an appropriate reaction. It's okay to complain to AHelp, but don't turn your character into an insensitive log!

Conflicts with crew members not due to role reasons. Justified conflicts caused by role-playing reasons are not prohibited on the server, but if you deliberately provoke other players into conflict every time without reason in order to receive support from the administration, then this will be regarded as a violation of the rules.

4. Violation of the atmosphere

In our backstory, we play on a lonely outpost that is placed at the Aphotic Plateau deep under the surfasce of Europa in the midst of humanity's loss of much of its history, technology, and culture. Your characters must behave within this setting.

Thus, we prohibit:

OOCinIC (Out-Of-Character in In-Character chat). Any communication between players should take place in OOC/LOOC chats, and in IC only the characters' remarks and emotions. Examples of what should not be in IC: “How to write in red in this game?”, “((I’m afk guys, I’ll be there soon))”.

Illiteracy. The language of the server is English - this means that regardless of your nationality, you must write in literary English. This applies not only to grammatical errors, but also the correct placement of punctuation, spaces and capital letters. Also, it applies to addressing or calling other characters by name.

Use of in-game slang by a character who does not know it. Words such as "emag" are known only to agents of enemy corporations, and "OOC", "traitor" and "nukie" are convenient player terms that have arisen due to the frequent use of these concepts, but they are prohibited for use by regular IC characters.

Using modern Internet slang. "Buttheart", "lol", "kek" - these are all examples of modern slang, which, within our prehistory, was lost and unknown to the characters.

Memes. Any set expressions from the modern Internet are prohibited for use in IC under any conditions.

Incorrectly character naming. The format of names is strictly “First Name Last Name”, without nicknames or abbreviations.

Non-standard character names. You should not name your characters with famous people and heroes of other universes' names, and you should not choose “meaningful” names that can be translated into some non-standard meanings. You can choose last names "Black", "White", "Snow", etc., but do not call your characters "Imna Zi", "Lisa Vagina". If you are in doubt about what name to choose, it is better to click on the in-game random name generator and choose something from it.

Use of inappropriate audio-visual resources in-game. The unacceptability of any audio, graphic or text resources uploaded into the game by players is assessed by the server administration. If you know that a particular resource is unacceptable, but you upload it anyway, then you are violating the rule about the in-game atmosphere. To communicate less with the administration, just try not to upload resources that may annoy other players or stand out too much from the game atmosphere.

5. Malicious out-of-game interactions
Don't break rounds in general using out-of-game methods. Be careful, violations in this category have a very serious impact on the game and are therefore punished very severely!

ICinOOC (In-Character information in Out-Of-Character communications). It is prohibited to write any information about the current round in any non-game means of communication: OOC/LOOC chats on the server, Discord/Jabber conferences, forums, Skype, and so on. This does not apply to information that can be found in the lobby without entering the game (list of personnel, announcements from the station, etc.).

Cooperation is the use of non-game means of communication to coordinate actions in the game. Your character should know only what he saw, and not what your accomplices outside the game personally told you. Any such actions are punished quite severely.

Using multiple accounts. The most serious violation that novice players often commit. If you want to change your account, notify the server administration about this, otherwise you risk getting permanent blocks on all your accounts without the right to appeal.

34. ERP
ERP (Erotic RolePlay) is completely prohibited on our server. Be careful, violations of this category are disgusting and therefore are punished very severely!

ERP - any sexual activity. It is prohibited to act out having sex or other sexual activities through speech, emotes, or any other means.

